chore: add block building docs (#2420)
base/web: apps/base-docs/docs/pages/chain/block-building.mdx

---
title: Block Building
slug: /block-building
description: This page outlines how Base blocks are built.
---

# Block Building

## Overview
This section describes how blocks are ordered on the Base networks. The ordering is separate from the UX,

> for example we could enable Flashblock sequencing, without exposing Flashblocks publicly. In this scenario, block ordering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for example the sequencer could be building Flashblocks every 200ms, without these Flashblocks being exposed publicly. In this scenario, block ordering
```
